New Local FPGA Tutorial (#1453)
firesim/firesim: docs/Initial-OnPrem-Setup/Setting-up-your-On-Premise-Machine.rst

Setting up your On-Premise Machine
==================================

This tutorial is setting up a single node cluster (i.e. running FPGA bitstream builds and simulations on a single machine) for FireSim use.
This single machine will serve as the "Manager Machine" that acts as a "head" node that all work will be completed on.
``sudo`` access is not needed for the machine being setup except for when the U250 FPGA and corresponding software is installed.

Xilinx Alveo FPGA Software Installation and Validation
------------------------------------------------------

On-Premise FPGA support currently only supports Xilinx Alveo U250 FPGAs (further referred to as a U250 FPGA).

Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~

We require the following programs/packages installed from the Xilinx website in addition to a physical U250 installation:

* Xilinx Vitis 2022.1
* Xilinx XRT (corresponding with Vitis 2022.1)

> * Xilinx U250 board package (corresponding with Vitis 2022.1)

Reviewer: We need to have direct links for how to do each of these. Especially the last one. IIRC the old page had some of these details.

The ``xbutil validate`` command runs simple tests to ensure that the FPGA can be properly flashed with a bitstream by using XRT.

.. Warning:: Anytime the host computer is rebooted you may need to re-run parts of the setup process (i.e. re-flash the shell).
     Before continuing to FireSim simulations after a host computer reboot, ensure that the previously mentioned ``xbutil`` command is successful.

Finally, ensure that the XRT/Vitis tools are sourced in your shell setup (i.e. ``.bashrc`` and or ``.bash_profile``) so that any shell can use the corresponding programs.
The environment variables should be visible to any non-interactive shells that are spawned.
You can check this by ensuring that the output of the following command shows that the XRT/Vitis tools are present in the environment variables (i.e. ``XILINX_XRT``):

.. parsed-literal::

    ssh localhost printenv

Other Miscellaneous Setup
-------------------------

Additionally, you should be able to run ``ssh localhost`` without needing a password.
The FireSim manager program runs all commands by ``ssh``-ing into a BuildFarm/RunFarm machine given an IP address then running the command.

> To do so non-interactively it needs passwordless access to the machines to build/run on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so non-interactively, it needs passwordless access to the machines to build/run on.
```

> In the case of this tutorial, our local machine or ``localhost``.

Reviewer: this sentence sounds weird

Finally, if you are running this tutorial without ``sudo`` access you should also install the ``guestmount`` program and ensure it runs properly.

> This is needed by a variety of FireSim programs that mount disk images to copy in/out results of simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is needed by a variety of FireSim steps that mount disk images to copy in/out results of simulations.
```

> This is needed by a variety of FireSim programs that mount disk images to copy in/out results of simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is needed by a variety of FireSim steps that mount disk images in order to copy results of simulations out of the images.
```

> Most likely you will need to follow the instructions here to ensure ``guestmount`` doesn't error: https://askubuntu.com/questions/1046828/how-to-run-libguestfs-tools-tools-such-as-virt-make-fs-without-sudo.

Reviewer: can you make "here" a link. Ending the URL with "." also seems like a potential problem.

.. warning:: If using ``guestmount``, verify that the command is able to work properly.
   Due to prior issues with ``guestmount`` internally, ensure that your FireSim repository (and all temporary directories)

>    reside not on an NFS drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   does not reside on an NFS mount.
```

Setting up the FireSim Repo
---------------------------

We're finally ready to fetch FireSim's sources. Run:

.. parsed-literal::

    git clone https://github.com/firesim/firesim
    cd firesim
    # checkout latest official firesim release
    # note: this may not be the latest release if the documentation version != "stable"
    git checkout |version|

> Next, we will bootstrap the machine by installing Miniforge Conda, our software package manager, and setup a default software environment using Conda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we will bootstrap the machine by installing Miniforge Conda, our software package manager, and set up a default software environment using Conda.
```

If the option is selected, the script will install Miniforge Conda (https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge) and create a default environment called ``firesim`` that is used.
**Ensure that you log out of the machine / exit out of the terminal after this step so that** ``.bashrc`` **modifications can apply**.

After re-logging back into the machine, you should be in the ``firesim`` Conda environment (or whatever you decided to name the
environment in the ``machine-launch-script.sh``).
Verify this by running:

.. parsed-literal::

   conda env list

If you are not in the ``firesim`` environment and the environment exists, you can run the following to "activate" or enter the environment:

.. parsed-literal::

   conda activate firesim # or whatever the environment is called

Next run:

.. parsed-literal::

    ./build-setup.sh

The ``build-setup.sh`` script will validate that you are on a tagged branch,
otherwise it will prompt for confirmation.
This will have initialized submodules and installed the RISC-V tools and
other dependencies.

Next, run:

.. parsed-literal::

    source sourceme-f1-manager.sh --skip-ssh-setup

> This will have initialized the AWS shell, added the RISC-V tools to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will perform various environment setup steps, such as adding the RISC-V tools to your
```
